This person is wearing a uniform and can definitely go in and out of any place where the uniform is issued.
Then eavesdrop on the news and go to help,
I thought he was very caught, this is the situation where he wants to wear leaves,
I must, the news hasn’t had time to get through the leaves yet,
I caught him.
Tell me, who sent you here?
Can't say it, don't say it,
We have to continue to use it. Did he send you in the future?
It seems that I guessed it right.
No wonder what I said, our news is too popular to be criticized,
If this is the case, it should not only be my own understanding, but
What to continue, yes, me too.
What should I do if I want to kill this person? Your Majesty, Your Majesty.
The princess is really awesome when she comes out
Be sure to spend money
Most of the merchants have applauded
Say this and I will get up
Isn’t it all Su Qingyun’s fault?
That bastard
Yun Linlong lost his mind because of a woman’s face.
I think you are recovering from your illness, right?
You can curse people now